This error is related to TypeScript's module system and default exports.

The error message is telling you that the module `"e:/gptAnswers/demos/reactMobx/node_modules/@types/react/ts5.0/index"` can only be imported as a default import if you enable the `allowSyntheticDefaultImports` flag in your TypeScript configuration.

To fix this error, you have a few options:

1. Use named imports instead of default imports

Instead of importing the entire module as a default import, you can import just the specific parts you need as named imports. For example:

```typescript
import * as React from 'react';
```

This will import the entire `react` module as an object, which you can then use to access specific exports. For example:

```typescript
const element = React.createElement('div', { className: 'foo' }, 'Hello, world!');
```

2. Set the `allowSyntheticDefaultImports` flag

If you really need to use default imports, you can enable the `allowSyntheticDefaultImports` flag in your `tsconfig.json` file:

```json
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "allowSyntheticDefaultImports": true
  }
}
```

This will allow you to use default imports for modules that were not written with default exports.

However, enabling this flag can have some unintended consequences, so use it with caution.

3. Update your `@types/react` package

You could try updating your `@types/react` package to a newer version to see if that fixes the issue. You can run `npm update @types/react` to update the package.

I hope this helps! Let me know if you have any further questions.